Update config-settings.rst (#3517)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/config-settings.rst

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"EnableAPITeamDeletion": false`` with options ``true`` and ``false``.                                                    |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Enable OpenTracing
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> **True**: A Jaeger client is instantiated and each HTTP request wraps App and Store in OpenTracing layers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**True**: A Jaeger client is instantiated and is used to trace each HTTP request as it goes through App and Store layers.
```

> Context is added to App and Store and is passed down the layer chain to create OpenTracing 'spans'.

Reviewer 2: I'd phrase it a little bit differently:
"A [Jaeger](https://www.jaegertracing.io/) client is instantiated and is used to trace each HTTP request as it goes through App and Store layers."

By default no method parameters are reported to OpenTracing to avoid leaking sensitive information. Only the name of the method is reported. 

**False**: OpenTracing is not enabled.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"EnableOpenTracing": false`` with options ``true`` and ``false``.                                                    |

Reviewer 3: The table is not rendering

Reviewer: It should be fixed now.
